Fixes for docs on SCMs from previous PR feedback (#501)
algorithmiaio/dev-center: _pages/algorithm-development/source-control-management.md

Once you've selected your Bitbucket Server instance, you will be able to host algorithm source code in Bitbucket Server.

You can customize two aspects of any Bitbucket Server repository that's created for an algorithm: the repository's owner, and its name.

> By default, all Bitbucket Server repositories are the project configured by your administrator. These projects are listed in the "Repository Owner" dropdown:

Reviewer: This first sentence still doesn't make sense to me; I think it's missing a word. Is it supposed to say "....are *in* the project configured by your admin"?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, all Bitbucket Server repositories are the project configured by your administrator. These projects are listed in the "Repository Owner" drop-down:
```

Author: yeah, that doesn't sound right. I need to go through the flow and think about better wording.
